Website:-group of World Wide Web pages

Domain:-a domain name is a string that identifies a 
real of administrative 

WWW:- (sub domain name)The World Wide Web -- also known as the web, WWW or W3 --
refers to all the public websites or pages that users can 
access on their local computers and other
devices through the internet.

HTTP:- Hypertext Transfer Protocol
HTTPS:-Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure

Domain:- Domain name management is the process of securing a domain 
portfolio from external threats and making sure all domain names have current registration.
Domain owners need to be able to renew registration 
and access the hosting provider.

URL(Uniform Resource Locators):-URL is an acronym for Uniform Resource Locator and is 
a reference (an address) to a resource on the Internet. A URL has two main components:
Protocol identifier: For the URL http://example.com , the protocol identifier is http . 
Resource name: For the URL http://example.com , the resource name is example.com 

URI(Uniform Resource Identifier):-A Uniform Resource Identifier 
is a unique sequence of characters that identifies a logical or 
physical resource used by web technologies.

URN(Uniform Resource Name):-Your inspection report will be listed on the website using your
Ofsted registration number (URN).

Client Server:Client-server denotes a relationship 
between cooperating programs in an application,
composed of clients initiating requests for services and 
servers providing that function or service.

Host:A network host is a computer or other device connected to a 
computer network. A host may work as a server offering information resources, 
services, and applications to users or other hosts on the network.

Hosting:A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that
hosts websites for clients, i.e. it offers the facilities required 
for them to create and maintain a site and makes it accessible on the World Wide Web.

FTP:The File Transfer Protocol is a standard communication protocol 
used for the transfer of computer files from a server to a client on a
computer network. FTP is built on a client–server model
architecture using separate control and data connections between the 
client and the server.	
																					
Extensions:Extensions tell your computer which application created or can open the file 

Path:file name

Editor/vscode:

Address bar:search box

Title bar:navbar 